Every day is born
Qin Yun Sword Dao Eternal
East long night
The accessories under the Shushan gate are all famous swords in the world
Will be also Qin Ming's order
Is it really him?
Impossible he is an alien
How could it be possible to call me the many bright swords of Shushan
I don't believe that Qin Yun is not an alien
Shushan Sword Emperor sat down and worshiped Senior Sword
The swordsman actually gave such a great gift to Qin Yuanxing
Swordsman positioning respect
Still above the Sect Master of the Second Sword Cutting Sect
Is my lover really from Shushan?
How is that possible?
The sword master is the ancestor of Shushan
How many years has he lived in Shushan?
Body talk
How could he look like a foreigner?
Do such a great gift
Switzerland, are you mistaken?
Qin Yun is an outsider brought back by First Miss Tang
We've never met
With your eyesight
I really don't know the identity of the co-master of the world's famous swords
World famous sword co-owner
When Shushan, the common master of the world's famous swords, saw the emperor
Known as the master of the world's famous swords
Bikai Shu Mountain
swallow mountains and rivers
Holding a sword, Jianzong Qing
Jade is holy in the air
A thousand years later
Shushan has finally seen another world-famous sword master
Qin Yun can destroy my Shushan Right Path
Demon Sect is once again in the Qing Dynasty